Helo you wonderful got people very short video this time.
I want to talk about how you use is on ceiling if we won our game.
We see that bunny can move jump and fall really well with one exception.
Look what happens.
Whoops try that again.
Look what happens when Bunny is under a platform and jumps up.
Now this this sort of floating along the underside of a platform that doesn't feel good to me.
Luckily we are using move and slide.
If I look at move and slide let's make some big and I will look at the documentation which on Windows
means hog control and click on it.
We can see that not only can we use is on floor.
We can use it on ceiling and is on the wall.
So what we do is use is on sealing to stop the body from floating up in the air.
So we've already got function is on floor.
And what we do is we use or.
Is on the ceiling.
OK.
So if are on the floor or if or on the ceiling.
And we've defined floor and ceiling here with this up concept which is this direction here so move and
slide.
That's your.
That's the direction.
Which means if you're on the ceiling or reset motion so you were jumping you're now not jumping.
And that.
Is really all there is to it.
Now when Bunny hits the top of a platform the upward motion the negative y is going to be reset.
Strive for a really good example of that.
Great.
So that's the behaviour I want to see.
And that was it.
So in this video we've just very quickly looked the IS ON ceiling to stop money floating along the underside
of platforms.
Mission accomplished.
I'll see you in the next video.